# CS333-Final-Project

For the final project, I'll be creating a cookbook django app that stores all my recipes and testing it. I’ll be using Django web-framework with its built-in ORM for a postgresql back-end. The application will allow an admin (myself) to perform basic CRUD operations with recipes and provide a cookbook page for users to view my recipes. I will also have a very simple user access feature for an admin to be able to log on so that they can access the recipe creation page.
I will be using django’s built in tools for unit testing and integration tests, I will also be using the built in CLI tools to check for test coverage. To perform the testing, I will be performing unit testing on all of the CRUD operations for a recipe and perform unit testing on whether pages are able to be viewed. I will also be doing a very basic unit test for the user authentication for admins. As for integration tests, I will: test recipe creation to see if it is integrated onto the cookbook page, test recipe viewing to see if users can view the recipes separate page, test recipe updates to see if an existing test recipe is updated onto the cookbook page, test recipe deletion to see if an existing test recipe is deleted on the cookbook page, and lastly, test if non-admin users accessibility of the admin page. 
I will be using Github for the version control tool and its Github Actions for YAML syntax to define build scripts for automation. The reason I'm using both of these is because I’m familiar with Github and it provides Github Actions as an easy way to automate my builds. 
For automating my builds and deploying my finished software, I'll be using Github Actions and Heroku. Justification for Github Actions is as previously stated, it comes with Github and it provides great CI/CD capabilities for me to provide updates to my software. Lastly, my justification for using Heroku is because I’ve used it before, it's simple, and it’s free for students.
